#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via starlette
ariadne==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne-django
ariadne-django==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   morecantile
    #   rasterio
boto3==1.35.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
botocore==1.35.81
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   pip-tools
    #   rasterio
    #   rio-cogeo
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
colorhash==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage[toml]==7.6.9
    # via -r requirements.in
croniter==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via opentelemetry-api
dhis2-py==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne-django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-ltree
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-otp
    #   django-postgres-queue
    #   django-storages
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ltree==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-postgres-queue==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[google]==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
durationpy==0.9
    # via kubernetes
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.5.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iam==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==3.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via ariadne
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   markdown
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   rasterio
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kubernetes==31.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
logzero==1.7.0
    # via dhis2-py
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mixpanel==4.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
morecantile==6.1.0
    # via rio-cogeo
moto[s3]==5.0.23
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-api==1.29.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   pyogrio
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
py-partiql-parser==0.5.6
    # via moto
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   morecantile
    #   rio-cogeo
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via dhis2-py
pyogrio==0.10.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via rasterio
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   kubernetes
    #   moto
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   moto
    #   responses
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rio-cogeo
regex==2024.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dhis2-py
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   moto
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
responses==0.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
rio-cogeo==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.0.6
    # via geopandas
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-ltree
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
starlette==0.42.0
    # via ariadne
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tblib==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ariadne
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   graphql-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
ua-parser==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via moto
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via moto
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
