#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
ariadne==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne-django
ariadne-codegen==0.14.0
    # via openhexa-sdk
ariadne-django==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.9.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   cads-api-client
    #   cfgrib
    #   datapi
    #   eccodes
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   fiona
    #   morecantile
    #   openlineage-python
    #   rasterio
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via ariadne-codegen
black==25.1.0
    # via ariadne-codegen
boto3==1.40.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
botocore==1.40.26
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
cads-api-client==1.5.4
    # via openhexa-toolbox
cdsapi==0.7.6
    # via openhexa-toolbox
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   eccodes
cfgrib==0.9.15.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   ariadne-codegen
    #   black
    #   cfgrib
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   openhexa-sdk
    #   pip-tools
    #   rasterio
    #   rio-cogeo
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
colorhash==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage[toml]==7.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
croniter==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
datapi==0.4.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
dhis2-py==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.4.0
    # via multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via openhexa-toolbox
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne-django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-ltree
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-otp
    #   django-postgres-queue
    #   django-storages
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ltree==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-postgres-queue==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[google]==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openhexa-sdk
durationpy==0.10
    # via kubernetes
eccodes==2.42.0
    # via cfgrib
ecmwf-datastores-client==0.2.0
    # via cdsapi
epiweeks==2.3.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
findlibs==0.1.1
    # via eccodes
fiona==1.10.1
    # via openhexa-toolbox
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openhexa-toolbox
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iam==2.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==3.2.0
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via
    #   ariadne
    #   ariadne-codegen
    #   openhexa-sdk
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.73.1
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via ariadne-codegen
humanize==4.12.3
    # via openhexa-toolbox
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
isort==6.0.1
    # via ariadne-codegen
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   moto
    #   openhexa-sdk
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kubernetes==33.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
logzero==1.7.0
    # via dhis2-py
markdown==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mixpanel==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mixpanel-py-async
mixpanel-py-async==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mjml-python==1.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
morecantile==6.2.0
    # via rio-cogeo
moto[s3]==5.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
multiprocess==0.70.18
    # via openhexa-sdk
multiurl==0.3.5
    # via
    #   cads-api-client
    #   datapi
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   cfgrib
    #   eccodes
    #   geopandas
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   shapely
    #   xarray
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
openhexa-sdk==2.8.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
openhexa-toolbox==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openlineage-python==1.34.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-api==1.34.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   openlineage-python
    #   pyogrio
    #   xarray
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   openhexa-toolbox
    #   xarray
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
polars==1.31.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
py-partiql-parser==0.6.1
    # via moto
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   ariadne-codegen
    #   morecantile
    #   rio-cogeo
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   dhis2-py
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via openhexa-toolbox
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   kubernetes
    #   moto
    #   multiurl
    #   openhexa-toolbox
    #   openlineage-python
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   multiurl
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   moto
    #   openhexa-sdk
    #   openlineage-python
    #   responses
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openhexa-toolbox
    #   rio-cogeo
regex==2024.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cads-api-client
    #   cdsapi
    #   datapi
    #   dhis2-py
    #   docker
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   moto
    #   multiurl
    #   openhexa-sdk
    #   openhexa-toolbox
    #   openlineage-python
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
responses==0.25.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moto
rich==14.0.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
rio-cogeo==5.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   openhexa-toolbox
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-ltree
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
starlette==0.47.2
    # via ariadne
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tblib==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via ariadne-codegen
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdsapi
    #   multiurl
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   ariadne
    #   cads-api-client
    #   datapi
    #   django-countries
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   mixpanel
    #   openhexa-sdk
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via moto
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xarray==2025.7.0
    # via openhexa-toolbox
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via moto
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
